There are two types of events sources that all
applicable AWS services fall into, push and pull.
In this video,
I wanted to explain how each type works and what the differences are.
Push event sources describe events that are pushed
to your lambda from a resource, thus invoking it.
Push event sources require you give them permission to invoke your lambda,
which is what we had to do when we set up the API Gateway method.
Examples of push event sources in AWS are API Gateway,
S3, CloudWatch Events and Logs, and a few others.
Pull event sources describe events that your lambda
receive as a result of polling a resource.
AWS will poll the target event source periodically,
the period of time depending on the service,
and invoke your lambda with an event if one exists.
In this case, your lambda would need permissions to access the event source,
which is the opposite of a push event source.
You give permissions for this via the IAM role the lambda executes under.
There are currently only three pull event sources, DynamoDB Streams,
Kinesis Streams, and SQS Queues. As I mentioned,
the Lambda service polls each periodically. For DynamoDB Streams,
it will poll the stream four times per second. For Kinesis Streams,
it will poll once per second. And for SQA Queues,
it will poll based on the visibility timeout and time to wait configured on
the queue. In the rest of this module, let's configure a pull event source by setting up Kinesis Streams to invoke a lambda.